--- PAGE 1 ---
             ALAMEDA COUNTY
            BOARD OF SUPERVISORS'
             HEALTH COMMITTEE

                              Monday, July 27, 2026
                                          9:30 a.m.

    Supervisor Nate Miley, Chair               Location: County Administration Building
    Supervisor Lena Tam                               Board of Supervisors Chambers
                                                    1221 Oak Street, Room 512, 5th Floor
                                                          Oakland, CA 94612

              Summary/Action Minutes

   The Health Committee meeting convened at 9:39 a.m. with Supervisor Miley presiding as Chair.
    Supervisor Tam and Supervisor Miley were present.

I. INFORMATIONAL ITEM: Alameda County Health, Healthy Schools and Communities Update
    Attachment

    Lisa Erickson, Director of Children and Youth Initiatives, Alameda County Health, provided an update on
   Alameda County Health, Healthy Schools and Communities. There are twenty-eight School Health
    Centers throughout Alameda County serving all five supervisorial districts.

    This item was informational only and required no Committee action.

II. ACTION ITEM: Draft Ordinance Prohibiting the Sale of Nitrous Oxide and Nitrous Oxide Devices
    Attachment
    Attachment
   Attachment

    Rachel Gratz-Lazarus, Senior Program Specialist, Alameda County Tobacco Control Program and
    Paul Cummings, Program Director, Alameda County Tobacco Control Program presented a draft
    Ordinance Prohibiting the Sale of Nitrous Oxide and Nitrous Oxide Devices.

   The proposed ordinance prohibits the sale of these products for recreational use, and allows for sales under
    certain exemptions. The ordinance outlines an administrative process, including hearings before a hearing
    officer and appeals to the Alameda County Board of Supervisors. Violations of this ordinance would be
    subject to administrative fines ranging from $250-$1,000 within any five-year period.

   Speakers

   One (1) speaker commented on the draft Ordinance Prohibiting the Sale of Nitrous Oxide and Nitrous
   Oxide Devices.

   Action
    Supervisor Tam motioned, and Supervisor Miley seconded, to recommend approval of the Draft
    Ordinance Prohibiting the Sale of Nitrous Oxide and Nitrous Oxide Devices to the Board of Supervisors
    for adoption.

    Ayes: Supervisor Tam, Supervisor Miley – Two (2)
    Noes:
   Excused:
    Abstained:
   Motion passed 2/0

--- PAGE 2 ---
    III. ACTION ITEM: Draft Ordinance Prohibiting the Sale of Kratom and 7-Hydroxymitagynine (7OH)
       Products
       Attachment
       Attachment
       Attachment

       Rachel Gratz-Lazarus, Senior Program Specialist, Alameda County Tobacco Control Program and Paul
      Cummings, Program Director, Alameda County Tobacco Control Program presented a Draft Ordinance
        Prohibiting the Sale of Kratom and 7-Hydroxymitagynine (7OH) Products.

      The ordinance outlines an administrative process, including hearings before a hearing officer and appeals
        to the Alameda County Board of Supervisors. Violations of this ordinance would be subject to
        administrative fines ranging from $250-$1,000 within any five-year period.

       Speakers

       Twenty-three (23) speakers commented on the draft Ordinance Prohibiting the Sale of Kratom and 7-
       Hydroxymitagynine (7OH) Products.

       Action
      The Health Committee moved to send the proposed Ordinance Prohibiting the Sale of Kratom and 7-
       Hydroxymitagynine (7OH) Products to the full Board of Supervisors’ Planning Meeting in September with
      no recommendation.


     PUBLIC COMMENT
      None.

    ADJOURN
      The meeting was adjourned at 12:30 p.m. on July 27, 2026.

      Board of Supervisors’ Committees agendas are available via Internet at: www.acgov.org




P:\BOS comms\Health 7_27_26 minutes