--- PAGE 1 ---
                                                         DESIGN REVIEW BOARD
                                                               UNOFFICIAL MINUTES
                                                                                JULY 17, 2026
                                                                             ALPHARETTA CITY HALL
                                                                     COUNCIL CHAMBERS
                                                                 2 PARK PLAZA
                                                                             8:30 AM

     Thisaction summaryisprovidedasaconvenienceandservicetothepublic,media,andstaff.Itisnotthe
     intenttorecordproceedingsverbatim.Anyreproductionofthissummarymustincludethisnotice.Thisis
    notanofficialrecordoftheAlpharettaDesignReviewBoardMeetingproceedings.Meetingsare
    recordedandavailableforreviewathttps://www.youtube.com/user/alpharettagov.

1.    MEETING ANNOUNCEMENTS
2.   WORK SESSION ITEMS

       Chair Kramer called the Work Session to order at 8:30 a.m.

       The Board discussed items on today’s Agenda.

       Chair Kramer adjourned the Work Session at 8:48 a.m.

3.     CALL TO ORDER

       Chair Kramer welcomed Jennfier Sprayberry back to the Design Review Board.

4.     ROLL CALL
      A. Board Members Present
       •  Richard Kramer ( Chair)
       •  Frank Schwing ( Vice-Chair)
       •  Richard Owens
       •   Erik Rowen
       •   Jennifer Sprayberry
       •  Tom Le Cain

       B.  Staff Members Present
       •   Bret Schroeder, Code Enforcement Manager
       •   Joel Carnow, GIS Specialist/Special Projects Manager
       •   Elle Taylor, Planning & Zoning Coordinator

5.    PLEDGE TO THE FLAG
6.     ITEMS FROM STAFF
7.     ITEMS FROM BOARD MEMBERS
         1.  DRB Meeting Minutes of June 19, 2026

     Board Member Rowen offered a motion to approve.

                                                                                    1

--- PAGE 2 ---
                Board Member Owens seconded the motion.

                Motion carried (6-0).


8.     PUBLIC HEARING
         1.  Announcement of Public Hearing Procedures

             Elle Taylor, Planning and Zoning Coordinator

         2.  DRB260012   Jiffy Lube   207 South Main St

           Applicant presented review of signage.

      Vice-Chair Schwing offered a motion to approve the building sign as submitted and motion to
           approve the monument sign with the following conditions: the base will be enlarged with a cap
            with the brick to match the building as closely as possible, the Applicant will add a silver or
            white frame around the sign, wrapping the end of the sign as well, the Applicant will add
            evergreen landscaping at the base and the final location approval by Staff.

                Board Member Rowen seconded the motion.

                Motion carried (6-0).

         3.  DRB260013   Little Alley Steak  102 South Main St
           Applicant presented consideration of exterior changes
         and signage.

           There was no public comment.

            After presentation and discussion:

     Board Member Rowen offered a motion to approve the exterior changes and signage as
            submitted with the following conditions: the exterior trim and surface at the enclosed porch will
           match the materials and tailing to the north of the front door, which appears to be a hardy trim
          and panel material layout and the applicant will replace any damaged landscaping
            surrounding the construction area to match the original approved materials, and finally the new
          windows on the enclosed porch will match the glazing of the adjacent windows in both the
             mullion pattern and the glass tint.

                Board Member Owens seconded the motion.

                Motion carried (6-0).

      Vice-Chair Schwing offered a motion to approve the building sign as submitted.

                Board Member Le Cain seconded the motion.

                Motion carried (6-0).

         4.  DRB260014  CSI Labs  2580 Westside Parkway

           Applicant presented consideration of exterior changes.

           There was no public comment.
                                                                                    2

--- PAGE 3 ---
    After presentation and discussion:

   Vice-Chair Schwing offered a motion to approve the painting as presented today with the
     following conditions: The brick on the entrance sections will be painted in the crushed ice,
     including the columns, all column bases, parapet and the underside, soffit will be in the Sherwin
     Williams 7022 online color and the rest of the brick in the building will be painted in the SW
    7004 Snowbound as presented.

         Board Member Owens seconded the motion.

         Motion carried (5-1)( Sprayberry).


    There was clarification during the motion that the parapet being Online, is really just the coping
     or parapet cap.

    There was discussion of procedure for denying/approving original submittal.

        •  Board Member Rowen made a Friendly Amendment to deny the original application as
            presented to us, with the only option for approval being the conditions that were
            presented by Mr. Schwing.

        •  Vice Chair Schwing and Board Member Owens accepted the Friendly Amendment.
    There was clarification of the motion:
      All of the masonry shown in the picture from the control joint, right outside of the four columns
      will be Crushed Ice with the exception of the bases of the columns, which will be Online, the
     underside of the soffit, which will be Online and the coping will be Online. The remained of the
     building will be Snowbound as originally presented but the column bases and coping will be
    Online throughout.

   Chairman Kramer called a five-minute recess at 10:31 a.m.
   Chairman Kramer reconvened the meeting at 10:39 a.m.

5.  DRB260015  Sapporo Sushi & Steak House  10575 Davis
   Dr Applicant presented consideration of exterior changes.

    There was no public comment.

    After presentation and discussion:

   Vice-Chair Schwing offered a motion to deny the application as submitted. Applicant will finish
     the East façade and the North façade in a similar style to the other two facades with final
     approval by Staff and Applicant will echo the block surface on the dumpster enclosure to match
     the texture and the new color on the building with the final approval by Staff.

         Board Member Rowen seconded the motion.

         Motion carried (6-0)

6.  DRB260016 Amasa Kitchen  15 Academy St
    Applicant presented consideration of signage.

                                                                              3

--- PAGE 4 ---
    There was no public comment.

    After presentation and discussion:

   Vice - Chair Schwing offered a motion to approve the building signs as submitted with the final
     approval by Staff on the method of lighting the signs, which may include edge lit letters as
     discussed today.

         Board Member Sprayberry seconded the motion.

         Motion carried (5-1)(Rowen)

7. ADJOURNMENT

    Chair Kramer adjourned the meeting at 11:34 a.m.





                                                                              4